Updated Sales Operations page in Handbook (#1726)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/growth/sales/sales-operations.md

- _High volume, less technical_ - Cloud will be the best bet - pricing does increase at scale as we take on hosting costs, but the setup process and ongoing maintenance is very straightforward. 
- _High volume, more technical_ - Scale, as the price per event is greatly discounted at higher volumes vs. Cloud because we don't pay hosting costs. The only time Cloud makes sense here is if the customers wants absolutely zero hassle, doesn't have privacy needs and aren't budget-focused.

### What about Open Source?

> Open Source will be appealing to customers who want to self-host, but are happy with 3 logins only and community-based support. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open Source will be appealing to customers who want to self-host, but are happy with a handful of logins only and community-based support. 
```

_Can a customer transfer from self-hosted (e.g. Open Source) to Cloud?_

Unfortunately we don't have a way to do this easily right now. If they have been on a Scale plan, we can do this manually. If they are coming from the Open Source version, we suggest that they just restart on Cloud. 

_Can a customer transfer from Cloud to Scale?_

> Yes - we offer 3 months free of Scale so they can run both systems in parallel, tracking events in both places. That means when they switch off Cloud, they'll have 3 months of data to start with in Scale.

Reviewer: This answer has changed:

```
We offer plugins for customers to export all their data to a data warehouse. Then they can [bulk import historical data](https://posthog.com/docs/integrate/ingest-historic-data).

They will _lose_ their dashboard and configuration - this will just retain their events, but usually that's the principal concern.

If they need a more complex migration with many pre-made dashboards and lots of users and actions, we are currently trialling a partnership with another company to do this for them for a one off fee. Speak to James H if you have a client interested in this.
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks - now updated
